Responsive UserMenu (#282)
pxblue/react-component-library: docs/UserMenu.md

# User Menu

> The `<UserMenu>` is an Avatar that opens a Menu when clicked. It is typically used in the top-right corner of an application and indicates who is logged in. By default, the Menu will responsively transition to a bottomsheet for mobile views.
> Passing in a custom menu using the `menu` prop or setting the `useBottomSheetAt` prop to zero will disable the responsiveness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `<UserMenu>` is an Avatar that opens a Menu when clicked. It is typically used in the top-right corner of an application and indicates who is logged in. By default, the Menu will responsively transition to a bottom sheet for mobile views (if passing in a custom menu, you will be responsible for handling any responsiveness on your content). Setting the `useBottomSheetAt` prop to zero will disable the responsiveness.
```

| disableBottomSheet | Disable responsive bottom sheet menu                                      | `boolean`          | no       | false   |
| menu               | Custom MUI Menu displayed when Avatar is clicked                          | Material-UI `Menu` | no       |         |
| menuGroups         | Groups of menu items that display                                         | `UserMenuGroups[]` | no       |         |
| menuSubtitle       | Subtitle shown when menu is open                                          | `string`           | no       |         |
| menuTitle          | Title shown when menu is open                                             | `string`           | no       |         |
| MenuProps          | Property overrides for the MUI Menu                                       | `MenuProps`        | no       |         |
| onClose            | Function called when the menu is closed                                   | `Function`         | no       |         |
| onOpen             | Function called when the menu is opened                                   | `Function`         | no       |         |

> | useBottomSheetAt   | Window pixel width at which the responsive bottom sheet menu is triggered | `number`           | no       | 600     |

Author: true story

> | useBottomSheetAt   | Window pixel width at which the responsive bottom sheet menu is triggered | `number`           | no       | 600     |

Author: > Not a disagreement, just curious what you think

I thought the same thing as I was adding the disableBottomSheet prop but figured it's better to be explicit about disabling things. I could go either way as long as we document it appropriately.

> | useBottomSheetAt   | Window pixel width at which the responsive bottom sheet menu is triggered | `number`           | no       | 600     |

Reviewer: I would lean towards using the single prop...otherwise you've got two props that conflict with each other (i.e, if you didn't realize you had disabled on, you could be changing the usebotomsheetat to no avail).

You could cover this in the description, e.g.: '...menu is triggered (set to 0 to disable responsive behavior)'

> </div>

Reviewer 2: I would suggest adding a note somewhere that says if you pass in a custom menu using the `menu` prop, then the responsiveness no longer applies.

Reviewer: I would do that in the initial description paragraph (you can add a blip about how it switches between menu and bottomsheet, but if you supply your own menu you have to do it yourself).

| menuGroups       | Groups of menu items that display                                                                                   | `UserMenuGroups[]` | no       |         |
| menuSubtitle     | Subtitle shown when menu is open                                                                                    | `string`           | no       |         |
| menuTitle        | Title shown when menu is open                                                                                       | `string`           | no       |         |
| MenuProps        | Property overrides for the MUI Menu                                                                                 | `MenuProps`        | no       |         |
| onClose          | Function called when the menu is closed                                                                             | `Function`         | no       |         |
| onOpen           | Function called when the menu is opened                                                                             | `Function`         | no       |         |

> | useBottomSheetAt | Window pixel width at which the responsive bottom sheet menu is triggered (set to 0 to disable responsive behavior) | `number`           | no       | 600     |

Reviewer 2: This "600" shall get changed to `theme.breakpoints.values.sm` too
